["So I got the iPhone XR just today. The product looks amazing. But unfortunately the Face ID is not working and there’s a glitch in the front camera’s portrait mode. That’s fine, it may happen. But what’s not fine is the pathetic service provided by amazon and apple. Firstly, amazon takes no responsibility of the product once sold. Talking about the giant, apple, the so called market leaders. Went to the service centre, after running a diagnostic the solution they came up with is sending the phone to Bangalore for repair. Like sending the new phone for repair is the practical solution that the company provides after charging a bomb for the product. And also to mention, amazon.in is not an authorised apple reseller. I guess this issue will be escalated to the consumer court. Thank you amazon and apple!","I've been an android user all my life until I decided to try iPhone XR for iOS. Loving the camera and battery life is an absolute joy to have. It's been more than one month since I got this phone and I'm loving it. Face ID works flawlessly even in the dark and the dual sim function is working like a charm, I'm using Vodafone as my primary sim and Jio as e-sim and have faced no problem whatsoever.

The camera is better compared to my previous android phone. The camera support "live photo" which I disabled it because I'm not used to it. It supports video recording at 4K 60 FPS. The camera also supports panorama mode which gives amazing results. Selfie is also good and the screen light up as flashlight when taking a selfie in the dark.

I'm not a gamer but I play Clash Royale and the game works smoothly. Since the phone has the latest processor I'm sure it won't be a problem even with the latest game.

I'm loving iOS so far but I miss the bottom keys found on Android. iOS is fluid and there are no flaws in the OS which I've encountered. I've got two minor iOS updates after my purchase and love how updates are distributed globally all at the same time. One minor inconvenience I found on iOS is to download apps more than 150 MB I'm forced to connect to wifi and so far I've not found a work around it. I got adapted to gesture navigation like it was something I've been using for ages.

Face ID is an absolute joy to have as I don't have to do anything to unlock my phone, I just hold my phone and the phone is unlocked. And did I mention that Face ID works even in the dark? The lack of notification LED is not a big inconvenience as the screen lights up to show the notification every time I hold up my phone.

Regarding the huge criticism it got for the low screen resolution, I don't see any problem as I hardly stream YouTube in 4K. I can view YouTube videos in 1080p without a problem which I feel is good enough as service providers in India never give enough data speed to stream videos in 4K. Regarding the screen in direct sunlight, there's no problem as the screen is clearly visible even under direct sunlight.

The speakers on this one are a huge plus point over other devices as the speakers give a 3D surround sound like system. I love the speakers on this phone. Regarding the lack of 3.5 mm headphone jack, I see no problem as the phone is bundled with an earphone which connects to the phone.

And yeah If you're wondering how Siri is, let me tell you that google assistant is a much better one. I've installed google assistant and I use google assistant more than Siri as google assistant is more practical. If I were to rate google assistant and Siri on a scale, 10 being the best then I would rate Siri at 5 and google assistant at 9.

Overall I'm extremely happy with my purchase as I got it at 58,500 rupees for the 64 GB version. If anyone wants to give iOS a try then I highly recommend iPhone XR as it is the latest devices from Apple at a reasonable price. The one thing that pushed me into iOS is that Apple gives OS update for 6 years and there is no delay in OS updates. On Android, it is a pain waiting for the manufacturer to release the update after Google outs the update. I hope my simple review of iPhone XR helped you. Thank you for reading. Cheers.","I was delivered a phone that did not work immediately after removing from the box. I was not able to return it as I need to first check with Apple. Apple service told me that the phone was lying without charge since 5 months and hence the battery failed. Now I have had to leave the phone with Apple for repairs and waiting for them to replace the battery. Please answer this: WHY SHOULD I RUN AROUND FOR THE SUB PAR QUALITY DEVICE WHEN I WAS SHIPPED A DEAD PHONE? Last time I ever purchase a phone online","It has been a month since I started using my iPhone XR and the experience has been awesome. Excellent battery life, smooth operating system, and most of all, dual Sim functionality are the best features of this iPhone. Spent so many days to decide on the colour, but opted for white, and I’m very happy about it. Coral is also a very good colour option which I have bought for my wife. Only issue bothering me is the time taken to charge the phone. You need to opt for overnight charging. Other than that, extremely happy with the purchase.","Best mobile and my favourite Where nice XR Amazing futures and best camera so thanks for Amazon"]